
	
	
	 For example, you might want two subshaders, one of higher quality for PC/Desktop and one of lower quality but faster for mobile.
	Here, we're saying we have a vertex function called "vertexFunction", and a fragment function called "fragmentFunction"".
	_Color
	UnityCG.cginc
	COLOR
	https://github.com/TwoTailsGames/Unity-Built-in-Shaders/blob/master/CGIncludes/UnityCG.cginc
	fixed4 color : COLOR;
	fcolor
	        // create new colors array where the colors will be created.          Color[] colors = new Color[vertices.Length];            for (int i = 0; i < vertices.Length; i++)              colors[i] = Color.Lerp(Color.red, Color.green, vertices[i].y);
	processedVertices
	processedVertices.ToArray()
	processedVertices
	Color.green
	processedVertices[i].y
	Color.green
	 List<Vector3>
	Count
	processedVertices[i].y
	

	
	color stream, in general, is accumulated to the voxel to scan  color representation in a similar manner that captures depth
	there is an inevitable tradeoff between  spatial resolution and time performance
	asynchronization between the depth and  color frames
	They lead to inaccurate  estimation of imperfect geometry, color camera pose, and  the mismatch between the geometry and color images
	mitigated
	These challenges could be mitigated by applying a texture mapping method that includes global/local warping of  texture to geometry
	https://dl.acm.org/doi/pdf/10.1145/566654.566590
	http://www.kunzhou.net/publications/isochart.pdf
	http://qianyi.info/scenedata.html
	http://vladlen.info/papers/color-mapping.pdf





	the state-of-the-art models tend to be exceptionally data-hungry
	Large labeled training datasets, expensive and tedious to produce, are required to optimize millions of parameters in deep network models
	the available datasets are quickly becoming outdated in terms of size and density.
	amplify human effort through a partially automated labeling scheme,
	leveraging deep learning with humans in the loop
	We experiment with training popular convolutional networks and find that they achieve substantial performance gains when trained on this dataset.
	
	
	properties of a geometric surface
	heavily used in many areas
	shadings and other visual effects.
	the vector perpendicular to the surface 
	explaining what goes on behind the scenes.
	a k-d tree (short for k-dimensional tree) is a space-partitioning data structure
	The k-d tree is a binary tree in which every leaf node is a k-dimensional point
	k-dimensional
	implicitly generating a splitting hyperplane that divides the space into two parts, known as half-spaces
	dimensional 
	you’re a long time veteran
	comprehensive list of tutorials for PCL
	object detection & reconstruction,
	Transforming, filtering, and registering 3D point clouds
	Segmenting 3D point clouds into clusters and fitting them to geometric shapes
	Reading and visualizing the data
	visualization of vehicle-based point cloud data.
	outlier and noise removal mechanisms
	certain datasets present a large number of shadow points.
	outliers can be filtered by performing a statistical analysis
	trimming those which do not meet a certain criteria. 
	considered as outliers and trimmed from the dataset.
	walk you through the components of your PCL installation, 
	noise removal
	This complicates the estimation of local point cloud 3D features
	assuming that the resulting distribution is Gaussian with a mean and a standard deviation
	all points whose mean distances are outside an interval defined by the global distances mean and standard deviation can be considered as outliers and trimmed from the dataset.
	describe geometrical patterns
	based on the information available around the point.
	underlying surface’s estimated curvature
	local features
	split into smaller chunks using spatial decomposition techniques
	spatial decomposition techniques
	Unarguably
	eigendecomposition
	eigendecomposition (i.e., compute the eigenvectors and eigenvalues) of the k-neighborhood point surface patch
	the eigenvector corresponding to the smallest eigenvalue will approximate the surface normal n at point p
	the surface curvature change will be estimated from the eigenvalues as
	A LAS (LiDAR Aerial Survey) is an open and binary file format which stores LiDAR point cloud data and a point classification system
	its latest Version is LAS 1.4.
	apb_foyer_sampled_seg_pc
	Detection of semantic primitives using  RANSAC and SVM,
	live-view
	 RANSAC  is used to estimate the presence of geometric primitives
	a student of mine asked the standard solution to the exercises, I thought It is not allowed?
	mobile handheld devic
	opens new ways to  interact with it
	geometric primitives
	structural modeling
	Despite a high  computational effort, a meshed surface usually has no semantic  meaning
	our everyday environment largely consists of  very few geometric primitives, mostly planes, boxes, cylinders 
	prior knowledge
	automatic highlighting of object in the environment  become feasible.
	Semantic modeling
	tedious
	In the proposed method,
	一台手机可以连接多台蓝牙设备？
	蓝牙模块通常一般开放的信道也就只能支持到7个左右的并发，也就是说智能手机、平板电脑或者PC通常也就只能同7台蓝牙设备并发连接使用
	蓝牙4.0后，协议本身是允许更多的设备连接使用，但每个协议栈主机分配给协议栈的资源，产品官方其实在介绍蓝牙多连功能时，通常也会公布一个保守的链接数量
	而目前蓝牙已经升级到了5.0，有没有必要购买模块DIY一步升级到位呢？
	 a set  of binary support vector machines (SVM),
	to determine the quality  of the fit.
	primitive label
	forwarded to the next frame
	ill-fitting primitive
	which  we found to be integral parts of everyday environments.
	has been investigated in various contexts
	robot grasping, collision detection
	Hough transforms
	contextual relations.
	investigating their contextual relations
	real-time  scene segmentation
	semantic segmentation of 3D data use convolutional deep belief  networks
	conditional random fields
	use concrete object classes and require a large amount of data for  training.
	a generalized formulation for  objects consisting of geometric primitives is still missing
	 simultaeneous localization and mapping  (SLAM) provides a real-time alternative to offline acquisition of  3D point models.
	simultaeneous localization and mapping  (SLAM)
	segmentation-fitting-refinement pipeline
	applied over multiple frames to refine detected primitives
	make use of ML to decide whether a shape has to be discarded or kept  at runtime
	probabilistic  graphical models 
	closes a gap in research,
	particularly useful in an AR context
	collectively refer to the 3D point cloud, the  related RGB image and the camera pose as a frame
	not an intrinsic restriction of the employed algorithms
	 the user expects quick system response.
	The scenarios are static,  due to the nature of the sensors
