	
	n-point pose estimation
	previously unknown scenes
	sparse point map it generates is  still not useful for much beyond providing localisation landmarks
	sparse point map
	localisation landmarks.
	relying on sparse models for estimating the sensor motion
	vive tracker ç”¨slamå°±okï¼Œsparse ç‚¹äº‘
		å®é™…ä¸Šåº”è¯¥æ˜¯ç‰¹å¾æå–+æ¯”è¾ƒä¸€ç³»åˆ—æ“ä½œæ¥ä½ç½®ä¼°è®¡ï¼Œæœ‰ä¸ªå°ä¾‹å­
	pp rgbd åªæœ‰30hzï¼Ÿ
	

	urther demonstrated near-real-time depth map creation.
	ability to keep track during very rapid motion, are illustrated extensively in our submitted video.

	A further interesting direction is to perform automatic semantic segmentation over the volumetric representation that would enable adaptation of reconstruction quality for specific objects or tasks
	very large exploratory sequences would lead to reconstructions with inevitable drift which would be apparent in the form of misalignments upon trajectory loop closures.
	it would be possible to exploit sparsity in the TSDF using an adaptive grid representation.
	automatic semantic segmentation over the volumetric representation
	&?
	Nearest Neighbor (NN) search with KD-tree
	building KD-Trees of datasets with different topologies: R2, R3 (point clouds), SO(2) and SO(3) (2D and 3D rotation groups).
	KD-tree look-up with kdd_search() and radius_search(): pointcloud_kdd_radius.cpp
	What can nanoflann do?
	Only the C++ interface exists: there is no support for C, MATLAB or Python.
	Use other distance metrics apart from L1, L2, SO2 and SO3.
	Approximate Nearest Neighbor Searching
	a set of data points in d-dimensional space is given
	given any query point q, the nearest or generally k nearest points of P to q can be reported efficiently. 
	The distance between two points can be defined in many ways. ANN assumes that distances are measured using any class of distance functions called Minkowski metrics. 
	Euclidean distance, Manhattan distance, and max distance.
	quite efficiently for point sets ranging in size from thousands to hundreds of thousands
	in dimensions as high as 20
	kd-trees and box-decomposition trees, and employs a couple of different search strategies.
	test programs for measuring the quality of performance of ANN
	visualizing the structure of the geometric data structures.
	Few methods seem to be significantly better than a brute-force computation of all distances. 
	allowing the user to control the tradeoff between accuracy and running time.
	Alongside mapping and tracking work using passive cameras, a line of research has continued using active laser and depth imaging sensors in the fields of robotics and graphics
	rather than feature extraction and matching.
	correspondences between scans
	preferred algorithm when surface normal measurements are available
	The process of obtaining the closest point correspondences is expensive;
	full 6DOF scan alignment
	scan alignment
	ICP is used to estimate relative robot motion between consecutive poses
	Some SLAM algorithms have also made use of depth data alignment and ICP
	overlapping scans
	arbitrary genus surface representation with orientation information
	(as is the case in robotics and augmented reality)
	free space as positive values
	 (possibly) occupied space with a similarly negative value
	 describe the components that make up our system
	An advantage of the SDF over basic probabilistic occupancy grids
	Given a SDF representation two main approaches to obtaining a view (rendering) of the surface exist
	One option is to extract the connected surfaces using a marching cubes type algorithm
	 Alternatively the surface can be directly raycast, avoiding the need to visit areas of the function that are outside the desired view frustum
	SDF representation
	&q how to render a sdf representation?
	This is attractive due to the scene complexity-independent nature of the algorithm
	a factor that is becoming increasingly important as the requirement for real-time photo-realistic rendering increases
	signed distance function (SDF)
	 Occupancy mapping
	real-time frame-to-frame ICP implementation using the point-plane metric
	combined a real-time frame-to-frame ICP implementation using the point-plane metric and projective data association together with a point based occupancy averaging and splat rendering of the aligned scans to demonstrate the first live reconstruction results of small models
	The system was able to fuse depth images from the range finder for rendering purposes at rates up to 10Hz
	ÇáÇáµÄî©ÁËÒ»ÑÛ½Å±ßµÄËÄÌ¨Kinect2.£¬ ÀáÄ¿
